Clearer `log()` example (#32226)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/log/index.md

> ### Sizes based on `log()` function

Reviewer: the heading will need to be redone to be more specific to the example
```suggestion
### Using the `log()` function on a logarithmic scale
```

> In this example, the width of each bar is relative to it's value on a [log<sub>10</sub> scale](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logarithmic_scale).

Reviewer: Explain how `log()` is being used

```suggestion
This example illustrates how the `log()` function can be used to visualize data values by using a [logarithmic scale](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logarithmic_scale). The width of each bar in this example is relative to its data value on a logarithmic scale with base 10.
```

Author: Much better, thanks

#### HTML

```html
<div class="bar" style="--value: 50">50</div>
<div class="bar" style="--value: 100">100</div>
<div class="bar" style="--value: 500">500</div>
<div class="bar" style="--value: 10000">10,000</div>

> <div class="bar" style="--value: 2000000">2,000,000</div>

Reviewer: To not recommend inline styling, can we move the variables to the CSS code?

Author: I'd normally agree, but in this case I put the value inline because it's specific to the individual element, rather than reusable.

That said, if inline styles aren't supposed to be used anywhere, I can totally change it 👍

```css
.value-50 {
  --value: 50;
}
.value-100 {
  --value: 100;
}
.value-500 {
  --value: 500;
}
.value-10000 {
  --value: 10000;
}
.value-2000000 {
  --value: 2000000;
}
```

Reviewer: @nikk-ca we do have instances of inline styling in our docs, so let's go with your original proposal. We'd need to add a line about CSS custom properties though, as was in the original example.

Reviewer: @nikk-ca In the "Result" section, the argument passed to the `EmbedLiveSample` macro needs to be updated to reflect the new heading.
`{{EmbedLiveSample('Sizes based on log() function', '100%', '220px')}}`

Author: @dipikabh Done ✅

Reviewer: Perfect, thank you!
